Update 05-actions.md (#6558)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/tables/docs/05-actions.md

    ->action(fn (Collection $records) => $records->each->delete())
```

> > Please note that the parameter name `$records` in the `action` callback function is required, any other name won't work here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please note that Filament uses the parameter name `$records` in the function to inject the collection. Any other parameter name will resolve from the container instead.
```
